Assignment 6

 
SFA DotNet - Assignment 6
Implement Unit Tests (1 Week)
1. Assignment Goals
Your assignment is to test the code you have already created during Midterm 1.

Sunny day tests or happy path is when you test whether your code is working properly when the correct data is supplied. Rainy days tests or unhappy path is when you supply false or incorrect data to your software. Keep in mind that you should not test the language constructions or the established connection to a database. What you are expected to test is the result generated by your method. Ex.: What will happen if you supply an empty list or array to method? What will be the behavior if you supply wrong data? What will be the behavior if you supply nulls? What if the returned data is not correct?

You should test edge cases like if the range you can enter is between 0 and 7 what will be the output if you provide 8 for example?

Add some negative conditions.

Have the values you expect in your array been filled correctly?

If the method accepts a length for the array, what if you pass in a negative number or a int.

What your method returns: If the return value is not null. 

If the returned collection is not empty. If the returned collection is modifiable/not modifiable. 

If the returned collection is sorted. If the returned collection contains all expected values. 

If the method throws an exception.

You need to test the business logic and you should get the expected values as defined in the Specs.

2. Assignment Description
2.1 Required Tasks
Implement at least 15 proper unit tests. You can implement more than 15 in order to increase your chance to get more points 

if some of your tests are considered pointless. Your unit tests should only test the System Under Test all dependencies 

should be mocked or faked in order to achieve isolation.

2.2. Extra Credit
Achieve 80% code coverage.